Bitcoin breaks its record high all
cryptocurrencies have gone parabolic you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you today we're going to look
at Bitcoin and what it's done recently
let's get into it right away Bitcoin has
crossed over the
$2,000 Mark to hit its all-time record
high throughout 2017 the price of
Bitcoin has been steadily Rising without
any downward pressure there has been
attention towards other newer digital
currencies and Technologies which are
currently in their infancy but could
very well expand in popularity just a
few short years ago Bitcoin didn't even
exist now it has become so pervasive
globally look at this chart which
indicates the particular data points
along on this rise in the past several
months and you will see here the
so-called China crack down which brought
the price down but with its strength has
come back up and then we have the sec's
decision to say no to its
ETF and then more recently Japan's quote
legalization these are significant
points along the way and the trend has
been been very clear and that is
upward ETF there have been those who
have tried to create an ETF based on
bitcoin one is the winkl vas twins this
would create a massive Rush towards
Bitcoin as it could easily be traded by
those who are less Savvy it would also
become more quote mainstream
so far these attempts have been shut
down by the
SEC it's not over
yet safe haven what has come as a
surprise to many is that Bitcoin has
been seen as a safe haven with political
uncertainty On The Rise there has been a
direct correlation with the price of
Bitcoin
cryptocurrencies other digital
currencies have been created and have
added to the total cryptocurrency market
cap this chart indicates how rapidly
this has happened and while we do see
that around 2013 2014 we saw a major
rise it had come down and had remained
rather steady for a considerable amount
of time but it has been just in the past
few months
where we have seen an exponential rise
in the price of Bitcoin and other
currencies and we see that the
popularity has really picked up in a
short period of
time many have called for the prices of
Bitcoin to continue to reach new highs
with no end in sight others have
suggested this is just a fad and will
ultimately leave many people suffering
from this generation's tulip Mania what
do you
think if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs
up and last but not least if you found
the video informative I know you will
find my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative the first book The
Money GPS is about the four asset
classes and how to profit from them and
my new release is is about tax
incentives reducing your monthly
expenses and most importantly becoming
self-sufficient so you can look through
those books at Amazon if you are
interested it's available in Kindle
format it's available in paperback
format and my new release is on my
website in audiobook
format and just to mention this check
out steam it if you are interested in
additional content that I provide many
of the subscribers here have said please
please get on steemit we want to go
towards steemit we want to get off of
YouTube so I'm trying to uh play around
here a little bit and see what I can do
I'm doing articles on there as well and
similar information that I am doing on
the YouTube but of course there are a
lot of articles that I cover on there
that I do not cover on YouTube so check
me out on steemit the link is in the
description you can follow me on there
and get all the posts that I do so check
me out over there link is in the
description take care